If you're headed out there, especially overseas, then you need to get
all of your household shipping goods in order. Uh, their websites and
places to go for that. The sooner you get it out there, the better.
Because I know that people who wait, uh, they get over there and then
all of a sudden there, there without fridges and microwaves and
the basic necessities and that that, you know, a few weeks is pretty
trying for them. You also want to get your support network. They're
a swell once you get to your new command and you don't know anyone,
uh, it's ah, kind of a long battle because by the time you you find
the person that you're supposed to be around, uh, they could say, Okay,
well, uh, you need to do this next thing, and that next thing is
gonna take another week. And, uh, if anything goes wrong with that
paperwork, you could be sitting there, you know, like like a month
without the thing that you really, really need. Uh, that could be your
uniforms or your clothes or your kitchen utensils or your car, Um,
a myriad of items. So just the sooner you start, the better